Stephen Curran: Hello.
Patrick: hey, Stefan.
Patrick: how you doing?
Stephen Curran: Well, we'll see who shows up with the new zoom, like.
Patrick: yeah, I I did. It asked me to make an account. So I just signed up as a guest for today. But I'll make an account to
Patrick: next time.
Stephen Curran: Okay.
Patrick: got a good weekend.
Stephen Curran: I did lots of fun, lots of good ideas. I love that email from menu, it's pretty good.
Patrick: Yeah, yeah. it's nice to that. The presentation was well received, you know.
Stephen Curran: Yeah.
Patrick: Curious what the the feedback is going to be like from the other members. I'm I'm sure there'll be a divided opinions. But
Patrick: the way the way it goes.
Stephen Curran: Yeah.
Stephen Curran: A Rita.
Stephen Curran: Is that the pronunciation? I apologize if I missed it.
Aritra B: Yes, yes, yes, that's the correct pronunciation. Hello!
Stephen Curran: We will wait again. don't know what's gonna happen with this new zoom
Stephen Curran: link. Hopefully enough, people got it, and the word got out. But that was rather sudden on Friday that we changed it all.
Patrick: I guess people read the discord. The should be, yeah should be fine.
Stephen Curran: Rudolph was in the wrong meeting. I just see he's he joined the wrong one.
Stephen Curran: I got an email notification that when the first person joins the meeting
Stephen Curran: so hopefully, you get the word like, I said, that are send. I can send him a note at least
Stephen Curran: the
Patrick: like. My zoom is frozen, or Oh, no. Okay.
Patrick: Well.
Patrick: hey? We also
Rodolfo Miranda: Hello! How you doing? What's the matter?
Patrick: Yeah. Stefan just left. I think he disconnected. The should be back like his. His camera froze, and then he left so
Patrick: like 1 1 s ago.
Rodolfo Miranda: Was there other people in the old all other call or
Patrick: thanks?
Patrick: What was your weekend?
Rodolfo Miranda: Good, good, good, nice.
Patrick: It's cool here. Yeah, I sweater. Yeah.
Rodolfo Miranda: what's yours?
Patrick: It's pretty good played a lot of the lot of gaming. There's a game came out yesterday, so took Friday off and spend the weekend gaming.
Patrick: I still understand something. What is saying?
Rodolfo Miranda: Yeah.
Rodolfo Miranda: like me.
Rodolfo Miranda: It's going to start.
Rodolfo Miranda: Yes, unbelievable.
Patrick: Of course, a problem always happened, you know.
Patrick: when they should it. Right? Time.
Patrick: Perfect timing.
Patrick: How's it going? Areitra? And Alex.
Aritra B: yeah, it's going great.
Aritra B: It's been a nice weekend so far. Yeah, it has been a nice weekend so far.
Patrick: What do you mean so far? It's finished the weekend.
Patrick: are you? Are you new to the call to.
Aritra B: Yes, yes, I joined the first time.
Patrick: Okay, cool. What brings you here?
Aritra B: I am mostly interested in Hyper Ledger and on credits, and got to know about 0 knowledge proofs and other these kinds of cryptographic protocols. are you? Like a student or more professional.
Aritra B: I was student.
Patrick: cool.
Patrick: You're familiar with other Hyper ledger project like in the or Aries.
Aritra B: I've walked in fabric.
Aritra B: What's happened?
Yes.
Aritra B: and that was the first one. If I came across and started working.
Aritra B: And after that I got
Aritra B: interested in a, mostly the hyper ledger
Aritra B: and on credits and created projects.
Patrick: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Patrick: Yeah. And not good is getting a lot of attention. It's fairly new. And that's interesting. Yeah.
Patrick: all fairly new, fairly new as a project of its own. Because before it was part of indie
Patrick: but having an on Chris and its own project. Because I think it's
Patrick: yeah. When was it? For for, like the November around November.
Rodolfo Miranda: when what you say
Patrick: the anon credits project was like.
Rodolfo Miranda: I, yeah, I should say, so. Yeah, what's left last
Rodolfo Miranda: the end of the last year? Yeah, you're right.
Rodolfo Miranda: It's good to you.
Patrick: Exciting stuff. Yeah, it's different as having issues.
Patrick: maybe we can try to do.
Rodolfo Miranda: Yeah. So so we cancel that. Probably.
Patrick: Yeah. Can wait like 5 more minutes. And
Rodolfo Miranda: okay.
Patrick: are you talking about Mike Slaughter, Alex?
Patrick: I think Pike Lauder, if I just incorrectly, is more involved in the and on credits 2.0.
Patrick: So every week it alternates. So this week is an on credits, 1.0 and next week will be on on credits 2.0
Patrick: not too sure. But I I know he is the
Rodolfo Miranda: they are. The other call is later, because, Mike cannot this time at this time? Yeah.
Patrick: yeah, yeah, yeah.
Patrick: It's like, like, when you did your presentation. But hopefully, you remember, that was funny. Yeah.
Patrick: always at the right time.
Patrick: Good thing you could connect back. Because.
Rodolfo Miranda: yeah, I was, yeah, I I connect from the on the mobile phone. And it was, okay, you know, like we could hear you. And the the video was fine.
Patrick: Did you? attend the workshop a ritual last week?
Aritra B: no, I I did not know about the workshop. I got to know about this in the discord.
Aritra B: So I joined. I actually applied for the hyper legal mentorship program in an on. and I got selected both. So
Aritra B: I I wanted to interact with the community.
Patrick: Yeah.
Patrick: Kuran was supposed to mention. But there, there, there is A. So there was the first an On credits workshop last week. It was like 3 h and a half, and it was very good. And there's a recording on Youtube that if you want to watch it, I think it'll give like a very, very good
Patrick: overview of and on crest. The feature and what's possible in the the direction it's taking, I would strongly recommend that
Patrick: could put you up to speed.
Aritra B: Yeah, sure.
Patrick: if you just look on the Youtube for the Hyper Ledger Channel.
Patrick: there should be a video titled like an On credits workshop. Something like that.
Patrick:  yeah, I real to that network issue.
Aritra B: Yeah, I found it.
Patrick: Yeah. So you know, just there's some very good slides, as it's mostly Stefan presenting some stuff.
Patrick: there's some slides.
Patrick: there's also like a lab that you can go and create an account. I think it's still up. There should be some details in there somewhere, or if you go in the the discord.
Patrick: there is a channel, and on credits workshop where there's like a few links that you can look at.
Patrick: So it's it's pretty long, like it's 3 h and a half, so you can watch in the pieces. It's separated in 3 parts or 4 parts. but it's it's pretty good. So the the first, like 3,
Patrick: 2 h and a half 3 h, like Stefan, goes over the the concepts, you know, and on credits, how they work, why, they're important, and how how they are different than other types of verifiable credentials.
Patrick: and then goes into more hands on exercise where you publish like schema and issue credential to a mobile wallet, and then the second at the end. It's to presentation. It's
Patrick: presents how to use a non credits on another ledger, which was the, I believe cardinal. Is that right?
Rodolfo Miranda: Correct? Yeah.
Patrick: So how that can be made? And I did a presentation, using it with like a did web method, and some
Patrick: like browser wallet. And so the the end part is like the
Patrick: the sort of ledger agnostic side of add on credits
Patrick: which is the the where they are pushing for, because it's directly on on credits where only usable on in the Hyper Ledger Indie, which is like
Patrick: a different type of blockchain technology. So you say you use fabric, which fabric is a type of blockchain, and Indie is a different type of blockchain that's is strictly catered to identity.
Patrick: you know, managing identity as fabric is more based on transactions, and the well that is, transaction to an Ind. But the the use case is a bit broader for fabric. As it is more so, it was designed specifically for identity and issuing credentials.
Patrick: and then the reason they wanted to separate and on credit.
Patrick: you can sort of
Patrick: issue and and manage the whole life cycle of and on credits using other things than Indie. Right? So
Patrick: that can be the the we did web web server or other ledger like
Patrick: Rudolph, for presented with Cardinal. And I I think there's also a a proof of concept with fabric somewhere. I'm not too sure, however. but I I think I heard that.
Patrick: Okay to make it more. Okay, yeah, thanks for that. I will.
Aritra B: Yeah, I'll go through it.
Patrick: Yeah, yeah. It's important to know a bit. The the history, you know, like the where things came from to to understand the the new decision and new discussions that happen
Patrick: for the mentorship program. I I know Stefan Karen wanted to touch on that today. unfortunate here. you know, I'm just a guy. I don't know much about it. I don't. I? I don't work for Hyper Ledger. So
Rodolfo Miranda: do you know, Rudolph, about the mentorship program?
Patrick: Yeah.
Patrick: All right. Well, I think. so that will be it.
Patrick: Yeah. Cool. So sorry to. I know it's a bad, for it's experience or a retra. Usually it's not like this, really just more people. And but there's a few problems this morning. Apparently.
Rodolfo Miranda: Okay, okay, no issue.
Rodolfo Miranda: Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye.